Create crosshairmodding.rst (#4)
R2Northstar/ModdingDocs: docs/source/guides/crosshairmodding.rst

Crosshair Modding

> ------------------

Reviewer: Since this is the page title, it should be the only text underlined by equals
```suggestion
==================
```

Example Mod
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> `Custom.Crosshairs <https://github.com/MysteriousRSA/Custom.Crosshairs>`__

Reviewer: I think that a small text here, like "If you want to know what a crosshair mod looks like, take a look at this example mod" would help way more. If you do add a text, the title can be removed as i think its a bit too much to have 3 titles visible on a single page, especially if they dont each have a proper section of text.

           {
               "ui"                        "ui/crosshair_alternator" 
           }
       }
   }

3: change "ui/crosshair_alternator" to your desired crosshair

Overlapping Crosshairs
----------------------

It is possible to combine crosshairs by modifying the mp_weapon_[Desired
Weapons].txt

**Below is an example of combining the Alternator and R201 crosshairs
into one**

::

   WeaponData
   {
       active_crosshair_count              "2" //Amount of crosshairs you want to use

       RUI_CrosshairData
       {
           Crosshair_1                                                                     
           {
               "ui"                        "ui/crosshair_alternator"   
           }                                                                               
           Crosshair_2                                                                     
           {
               "ui"                        "ui/crosshair_tri"          
           }                                                                              
       }
   }

**To add more crosshairs add another Crosshair\_\ X following the
formating in the script above.**

> **The limit for this seems to be 4 Crosshairs onscreen at once**

Reviewer: This line could likely be a notice,
```suggestion
.. note::
    The limit for this seems to be 4 Crosshairs onscreen at once
```

| ``"base_spread"               "3.0"``
| Below the "ui" line, Like this:

::

    {   
       RUI_CrosshairData
       {
           Crosshair_1 
           {
               "ui"                        "ui/crosshair_alternator" //THis is the Croshair
               "base_spread"               "3.0"   //This is a spread Multiplier, Line doesn't exist by default
           }
       }
   }

* This only affects the visual spread of the crosshair, not the actual bullet spread. Positive Values increase spread while negative decrease it. Be default it is based on the weapon's own stats.

No Crosshair?
-------------

::

   WeaponData
   {   
       RUI_CrosshairData
       {
           Crosshair_1 
           {
               "ui"                        "ui/crosshair_sniper_amped" //This means NO crosshair
           }
       }
   }

Crosshair Index:
----------------

These are the available crosshairs in-game, along with their in-game
reference:

|Crosshair examples|

Crosshair images are taken from the modding guide on
`https://noskill.gitbook.io/titanfall2/ <https://noskill.gitbook.io/titanfall2/>`__

Examples
--------

|CH1| 

|CH2|

Extra Info
^^^^^^^^^^

> * It is recommended to test this out in a private match first. Save any changes you made to the desired weapon's file and type ``reload`` in your console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As with any mod, it is recommended to test this out in a private match first. Save any changes you made to the desired weapon's file and type ``reload`` in your console
```

> * Keep in mind that some weapons have animated or dynamic crosshairs. Weapons like the Charge Rifle, Cold Wae, Frag Grenade, etc... have especially animated crosshairs. which can cause weirdness or jank when used on other weapons or when using other crosshairs on them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keep in mind that some weapons have animated or dynamic crosshairs. Weapons like the Charge Rifle, Cold War, Frag Grenade, etc... have custom animations for their crosshairs. which can cause weirdness or jank when used on other weapons or when using other crosshairs on them. 
```

   * Animated weapons like the Charge rifle will work with animated crosshairs like ``ui/crosshair_titan_sniper``

Thank you to ``Cpone#0001`` and ``Nixie#8251`` from the `Northstar
Discord <https://northstar.tf/discord>`__ for helping me figure this out

Any Issues? Create an issue, or message me on Discord

> ``Mysterious#7899``

Reviewer: Do you really want people to message you for any issue they might have creating a crosshair mod?

Crosshair Modding
=====================

This guide shows how the following example mod was made

`Custom.Crosshairs <https://github.com/MysteriousRSA/Custom.Crosshairs>`__

INSTRUCTIONS

> ============

Reviewer 2: These `========` lines are reserved for unique entries in the index. Please use `-`'s for subheaders and `^`'s for subsubheaders. Otherwise it shows up wrong as seen [here](https://r2northstar--4.org.readthedocs.build/en/4/guides/crosshairmodding.html)

Author: I made some changes, removed = headings and got rid of links for images that weren't used,

Author: edit, I'm an idiot that doesn't understand github, should be good now

Reviewer: you removed every single `====` heading - you want to keep one for the page title.

Also, the section you added is too readme-like for me again

Reviewer: really, im still not sure about this entire PRs content being about your mod instead of the concept of how a mod like this works.

Author: ok, I edited the heading

what do you think would work better? I'm not too sure how to change it
